[MARCHEN] All right,
squad 6, eyes on me!
Let's take out Gadoll alpha
and blow this fog away!
The air here is thin.
We can't afford to waste energy.
Do what you have to do,
but be efficient!
This is it.
The final battle!
We'll complete this mission,
whatever it takes! Got that?
[GEARS]
Sir!
That idiot!
Move out!
[GEAR A]
Eat this!
[GEAR B]
Toss me a weapon, someone!
[GEAR C]
Need heals!
[MARCHEN]
Don't stop, it's not our fight!
Gadoll alpha's location
is at ten o'clock!
I can barely see anything
through all the fog.
Wait.
Hey, Kurenai!
I'll see you on the other side!
[MINDY]
Is this a game to you, rook?
No, of course not.
I was just‐‐
Best you stop
treating it like one.
Losing means death.
Right, sorry.
Think about nothing but winning.
[NATSUME]
Yes, ma'am.
[DOTKIN] Seems like you
wanna taste, buddy!
Well since you asked nicely,
you get to become a notch
in the belt of the great Dotkin!
[laughs]
[ESSAM]
Honestly. I swear.
Your lack of refinement...
...never fails to disgust me!
En garde!
Got 'em!
[ESSAM]
Oh, you are a dick and a half!
[DOTKIN]
Kill‐stealing asshole!
Damn, they're tearin' it up
like the fog's not even here.
Right? S‐rankers are sick!
Small fry.
[beeping]
Huh?
Ain't that a shame.
They're fighting alpha.
And it's kicking their asses.
[KATOU]
Wait, no joke?
That was a C‐rank mission.
This is weird.
[MENDY]
It's way too quiet.
This is the right place,
so where's Gadoll alpha?
[MUNDY]
Hey.
Maybe the Gears took
it down already.
Sure would be nice
to walk right into that nest
without a scratch on us.
[MARCHEN]
What's that?
Oh no. The Gears.
We've located the target!
Complete the mission!
Kill Gadoll alpha!
This ends now!
The hell?
Gomez! You are
gonna pay for that!
What?
Hold on. There's no way!
It's aiming for our tanks!
Both of you. Fall back now!
[MENDY]
Mindy, wait!
[MINDY]
Just do it!
Natsume!
Mindy!
[NATSUME]
Why would you...?
You okay?
‐‐[NATSUME] Please.
‐‐[MENDY] Mindy!
[MINDY]
I've seen it too many times.
Kids charging into death.
I couldn't let it happen again.
But I didn't...
None of this is on you, rookie.
Don't slow down.
I made my choice,
and I'll stick to it,
till the end, no matter what.
We're screwed.
If this goes on...
...the whole squad'll
be wiped out.
Hey, wait.
What are you gonna do?
I'll make you bleed!
[roars]
Amazing.
Oh no!
No way.
[MUNDY]
It pulled the needle out!
But that can't be.
What are you?
[KABURAGI]
Didn't I tell you?
You bit off more
than you can chew this time.
[gasps]
Boss, you came?
[ANNOUNCER] The event
will begin in 15 minutes.
All staff, please report
to your designated
stations immediately.
You're kidding.
She's going out there with them?
That little idiot!
[ANNOUNCER]
All staff, please report...
[KABURAGI]
Hey, Minato.
That Gadoll that's
generating the fog barrier.
No way it goes down
without the system
noticing, right?
[MINATO] What, that the
unkillable Gadoll got killed?
Yeah, should be a safe bet.
[KABURAGI] Sorry, I guess that
was kind of a silly question.
[MINATO]
What are you gearing up for?
I told you to lay low
till the event is over.
[KABURAGI] Just wanna shake
the rust off real quick.
The users'll go for it too.
[MINATO] The users? What
the hell's that supposed to‐‐?
[NATSUME gasps]
Boss, you came?
Didn't I tell you?
You bit off more than
you can chew this time.
Oh. Well my mind kinda blanked
after I watched you jam
that needle into my tank.
Right.
Sorry, I guess that's on me!
[MENDY]
What happened?
Can't see anything!
[KABURAGI]
Come on!
[NATSUME]
Wait a sec, Boss!
My whole squad
is still back there.
We can't run away!
We have to.
I can't beat that Gadoll.
[gasps]
Not even you.
No, that's exactly why
we need to help them, Boss!
It'd be suicide.
If you stay here, you'll die.
Wait. We can‐‐
[KABURAGI]
We can't.
I swore an oath to myself.
That I'd push my limits and
smash every wall in my way!
I have to break
through this damn wall!
Your limits, huh?
Oh, man.
That really does take me back.
Even in this fog, that thing
knows exactly where we are.
[MUNDY]
Dammit. Where'd it go?
Please. Forgive me for all this.
[GOMEZ]
Reinforcements are coming.
You have to get out.
Do we die here?
[NATSUME roars]
Over here, scumbag!
Now! Get moving!
Come on.
We gotta get to safety now!
Natsume? How did‐‐
[NATSUME]
I'll tell you later. Just go!
[MINATO]
What in the hell are you doing?
Stop fighting it!
[KABURAGI]
The plan's not gonna work.
I can't just leave
them here to die.
[MINATO]
What?
There's no way you're really
doing all this for some Tankers!
[KABURAGI]
If I leave, she's dead.
[MINATO]
Have you lost your damn mind?
Just run!
The Gadoll won't chase you!
You can go back
to how things were!
You can still get out of this!
Are you gonna throw
that away over a Tanker?
[KABURAGI]
That girl is a bug.
[KABURAGI] This world's
been trying her whole life
to kill her,
but she pushed through and
fought for what she believed in.
She did what I couldn't!
[MINATO]
A limiter release?
Listen to me.
If that Gadoll dies,
the story goes
completely off the rails!
Kabu!
There's no coming
back from this!
Even so, I refuse
to just let that girl die!
I can't! She's a bug.
[MINATO]
Stop!
And that bug saved me!
Wrong way.
[OPERATOR B]
Commander.
It appears Gadoll alpha's
vital signs have disappeared.
That lunatic.
[OPERATOR C]
Air pressure control lost.
Returning to normal levels!
Huh?
Team! Here comes the big one!
Doesn't seem like
the fog's letting up at all.
Which means we're stuck here.
Okay, team, we've got no choice.
What's that?
[KURENAI]
It must be the nest!
[TANKER A] That means
they beat Gadoll alpha!
[TANKER B]
They pulled it off!
We're up! Everyone
still in fighting shape.
On me! Let's go!
[cheering]
[rumbling]
[TANKER C]
What is this?
[TANKER D]
What's happening?
[distant screaming]
[SOU]
What kinda scream is that?
[SOU] No. Uh‐uh.
There's no way that's real.
It's real big,
and we pissed it off bad.
Everyone! Take cover!
[GEAR D]
What the hell is that?
That glow. Is it...?
[MENDY]
It's huge!
And gross!
[MUNDY] What, we wake up
the Gadoll king or something?
[CYBORG A]
Oh jeez!
[CYBORG C]
What's going on?
[CYBORG B]
I'm scared!
Crap, crap, crap,
crap on a cracker!
This is bad.
That build is not release‐ready!
Shut up!
You think freaking out's
gonna do anything for us?
Hey. Get that stargate
off the field, now!
Not how it works.
Sorry 'bout ya!
Plus, all the players and the
Tankers have seen it already.
And they're losing their
whole friggin' minds over it.
You go worry about that!
[MINATO]
What?!
Deca‐dence. Activate!
Sir! But oxyone levels are low.
The process will take
a bit longer than normal.
[MINATO]
As fast as you can!
Fire blood‐sucking harpoons!
[OPERATOR A] The stargate
has deployed its zone!
[OPERATOR B]
Beginning oxyone transfer!
[OPERATOR A]
Still low, 42 percent capacity.
Attention all warriors!
Your target is the
large‐size Gadoll, stargate!
Buy Deca‐dence enough time
to get into Intercept Form.
This is an S‐rank mission!
I'm counting on you!
You sound way more
into this than usual.
Ha, I like that, Minato!
I'm gonna dance all
over these scrub‐lords!
[DOTKIN]
It's party time!
The war ends here.
Let's go!
[GEARS cheer]
Is this what happens
when you break the story?
Unreal.
Hey, wait up!
You're always
running off without me!
[HUGIN]
Yes. Gadoll alpha has fallen
at the hands of one
of our recovery agents.
[MUNIN]
Pi‐pa‐pi‐pu‐pe!
Indeed.
This transgression
will not go unpunished.
[DOTKIN, KATOU, ESSAM]
When you get to hell,
tell 'em who sent ya!
[KABURAGI]
What is that?
Ugh, it reeks!
[OPERATOR C] High‐density oxyone
energy signature detected
from the stargate!
Status report now!
[OPERATOR C] It appears
to have fired a pressurized jet
of raw oxyone
from its body, sir!
We'd taken a direct hit,
we'd all be dead right now!
That power's insane.
Was that blood?
That shot just winged us,
but it severed
the oxyone cables!
We're stuck at
66 percent capacity!
What now?
Do we call it in and ask them
to shut down the Gadoll?
[MINATO]
No use.
They wouldn't be able
to pull the plug in time.
It wasn't out of
development yet.
[GEAR J]
Don't slow down!
If I can just bust that part.
Hey, there, pal,
how bout ya lemme
borrow your piece.
[GEAR J]
Huh? Bro, don't mess with me!
[KABURAGI]
Gimme it.
Boss, are you‐‐
[GEAR J]
Thief!
[OPERATOR C]
Now connecting nerve cables!
[OPERATOR A]
Connection complete!
Deca‐dence Intercept Form,
ready to engage!
All ahead full.
Get us within range.
If we don't land
the kill shot now,
it's gonna blow us all away
with the counterstrike!
[OPERATOR B]
Sir!
[MINATO]
Ignite the Deca‐dence Cannon!
[OPERATOR A]
Yes, sir!
Energy signature's back.
The stargate is
charging another shot!
[MINATO]
What?
[OPERATOR A]
We're not ready.
The cannon won't ignite in time!
[GEAR F]
Here it comes!
[GEAR G]
Get clear!
[MINATO]
No!
Kabu.
[OPERATOR B]
Deca‐dence fully anchored.
Target is inside firing range!
[OPERATOR A]
Deca‐dence Cannon ignited!
Nasty.
[MINATO]
Farewell, you grotesque monster.
Counterattack now!
Yes, sir!
[NATSUME]
It's beautiful.
What's up?
We won the final battle,
you can smile.
[KABURAGI]
Just hush.
[MINATO] Hey, Kabu,
way to step in it deep.
[KABURAGI]
Sorry. What's gonna happen?
[MINATO]
No idea.
I don't know if anyone's
ever just nuked a
storyline like that.
But safe to say.
They're gonna come down hard.
I'm ready for whatever happens.
Wait. Aren't those...?
No. No way.
Looks like we
found the next stage.
Cool, I needed a new challenge.
That's the least repugnant
thing I've heard you say.
Wha...? What is this?
But we won.
We wiped out the Gadoll.
No. Did we...?
You won't succeed,
and the Gadoll aren't
going anywhere.
It won't end. Tomorrow or ever.
[NATSUME]
Boss, did you know that this‐‐
[KABURAGI]
Take good care of Pipe.
[NATSUME]
Boss?
You look quite well, Kaburagi.
I trust that you already know
what brought about this meeting.
[KABURAGI]
Yeah.
[HUGIN]
Repeat after me.
The world must be free of bugs.
The world will be free,
thanks to bugs.